feat(text-link): text-link package (experimental) (#1444)
adevinta/spark: packages/components/text-link/src/TextLink.doc.mdx

import { Meta, Canvas } from '@storybook/addon-docs'
import { ArgTypes } from '@storybook/blocks'

import { TextLink } from '.'

import * as stories from './TextLink.stories'

<Meta of={stories} />

# TextLink

TextLink is an accessible element for navigation.

## Install

```sh
npm install @spark-ui/text-link
```

## Import

```tsx
import { TextLink } from '@spark-ui/text-link'
```

## Props

This component support [all HTML attributes](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/a#attributes) supported by the `a` tag.

<ArgTypes of={TextLink} />

## Usage

### Default

<Canvas of={stories.Default} />

### Sizes

> By default, the `TextLink` size adapts to the current font-size of your text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the TextLink component inherits the font-size of its parent element
```

> Simply use `Tailwindcss` to set a difference size if necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Simply use css classes to set a difference size if necessary.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Simply use css utility classes to set a difference size if necessary.
```
